Random points to consider later:
---------------
Force CLosing socket command: lsof -i:8521
---------------


replace the display mode icons
get best images then use script to downsample
add in grey background to establish diference
add boarder maybe.




if the a* finds no route then find route to the cell without obstacles, then move 1 step along the route and try again.





if the move robot function stops two colliding just re pathfind

change the deadlock of bots, currently if a pair of bots are trying to get to 
each others location then they will never move.

deadlock solution, if no movement in 5 turns randomly move ?

fix dropoff

-----------

Idea for developing a path finding algorithm.

The grid cells will have an allocation table attribute
robots can bid for control of the cell "the random activation of mesa will bid"
from there the robots will be able to set their route so cell (8,9) in 1 turn, cell (9,9) in 2 turns.
that way another bot can still use cell (9,9) in 1 turns time but they need to have left by the turn after.
Might cause issues with the random activation synchronisation.


------------------

- Add in Dev mode options to turn squares a different colour in the path finding mode

- Add way to avoid cells used by another robot

- Picking optimisation based on agent location.

- The more off a type of item in the order the higher the priority robot should pick it


Notes from Meeting with Balin:
	Done - Improve the visulisation, have icons in the grid cells
	Attempted - Improve the way of getting information into the blank space on the right of the grid
	Done - Research and implement path finding algorithms.
	Can be done - Add way of user selecting the type of path finding algorithm to use
	Note done - Add graphing to the page.

Implemeneted - Robots being called to get outstanding items.

Not needed - Robots put excess items back where they are from

Add allocation to give the robot the location to pick the next item up from.

Add graphing to show the number of items moved

Add sliders to the visulisation for the input settings

Implemented - Change the pickup item part to instead check if is an item is needed before picking it up.

Implemented - Setup allowing robots to pickup and drop off items.

Implemeneted - Fix orders, where there are less cells than possible grocery items then some orders will be impossible as might need items not anywhere in the grid.

Implemented - Third agent to be portrayed as greyed out cells to act as drop off / starting areas.

- Non traversable areas, I.E coloumns

Implemented - Basic Implemented for random - Stop allowing robots to enter the same space as one another.

- Simultaneous Activation vs Random Activation could be good to flip between the two for path finding implementations.

- Read example final reports and see if should be writing report alongside project.

- Research into how shortest path algorithms are used in a grid. Develop a shortest path algorithm example blue start red goal green search

Implemented - Look into how to change click behaviour with Mesa

Not pheasable - Look into how to change grid position on page

Implemented as hover over - Click interaction with Mesa

- Add bias to try and make the robots travel in the most straight lines they can efficently.

Implemented - At the moment hard limit on number of cells in the grid based on the number of grocery items. Make variable I.E 1 item type can be in multiple bins.

- Review: https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Erwin-Lejeune/publication/348716625_Survey_of_the_Multi-Agent_Pathfinding_Solutions/links/600c70f4a6fdccdcb8771555/Survey-of-the-Multi-Agent-Pathfinding-Solutions.pdf

- Review: https://ojs.aaai.org/index.php/AAAI/article/view/4565

- Idea, Robots whose job it is to retock bins, not realistic as normally the bins go 25 containers deep and can be filled from the bottom.

